Kosmic things are going to happen but I
believe that there is a higher force in
the universe talk to that spirit and it
will protect you and guide you because
all wise men have always said that and
it's true you know and thank you for
your time and the New Testament there's
a scripture where it has Jesus saying to
the Pharisees and Sadducees does not
your scriptures say that ye are gods and
you go back to Psalms that's what it
says it gives you in the Bible reference
works where that comes from in the Old
Testament there is a scripture in Psalms
that says that we are gods in that the
pro genitive right force in us has come
from another place in the universe where
for we are the offspring of the Elohim
with the offspring of the gods-- so we
are in a manner of speaking the
offspring of gods and that being the
case that's why there has Jesus saying
to the Hebrews or to the Jews of his day
does natural scripture say the year gods
that we are gods
I'm just saying that when you understand
how these words work and what these
terms mean all of us said you got a
whole different story than what you
thought the Bible was saying it's saying
something totally different than what
you thought I asked like a lie efficient
pump our planet exit if it was Nibiru I
had him on my show on my radio show and
I said to him and I made the mistake
because I know Sakurai and I should have
known better but I said to him Zechariah
so and soul this other gentleman and I
give his name has written a book about
Planet X and can you tell me anything
about that and Zechariah said to me I
don't talk about other people's work you
wanted me to be a guest on your show you
talk about zecharia sitchin I don't
we're not talking about somebody else oh
well thank you couldn't couldn't but
I've talked to him in private and he was
non-committal but he thought it was
interesting that this is
planet which is legitimately there is
coming from what I guess from the
southern hemisphere coming from the deep
south and like over Antarctica coming
this way says not coming from somewhere
we can see it but if you're down in Peru
or in the mountains you can see it
coming from the south
they've already taken pictures of it so
they know it's legitimate yes it is
coming this way seems to be about twice
the size of the earth there they refer
to it as Planet X incidentally are you
aware that Russia has a huge project
talking about Planet X all over Russia
there are sign boards I've seen pictures
set to me huge billboards with the
planet showing it coming forward and it
says in Russian that as it's almost here
and get ready the big signboard showing
the earth the set out in the back and
this huge planet coming and it kinda
gotta a stream like us moving and then
Russian it's saying it's coming get
ready
they're talking about a planet that's
coming into our vicinity and and what
you have to appreciate too is that the
planet if it's twice the size of the
earth and comes into our solar system
David Talbott I can talk for hours on
this subject of the other work of David
Talbott the solar system as we know it
today is not the same configuration of
the solar system that may have existed
ten thousand years ago in other words
Saturn today is just a bright little
star Jupiter is a little bit brighter
less now the star as a planet but let's
like us the bright star well according
to the ancient people they said that to
come
speculation of our solar system was
totally different ten thousand to twelve
twenty thousand years maybe twenty five
thousand years ago was totally different
saccharine was much closer Mars was much
closer different planets were further
away it was a different configuration so
at night you will black out see this
huge enormous planet with rings around
it that's how her sacrum was to us and
if you would take us around circle
around Saturn and turn it just at a
right angle that looks like an eye the
eye inside the circle but the circle is
now oblong because you turn the angle
and now it looks like an eye looking at
you Mars were told according to the
theory that is now being worked out that
Mars could very well have come through
and caused some kind of an electrical
frequency going between us and Saturn
using the pictures of Mars where Hazel's
jagged cuts in Mars it looks like deep
canyons on Mars a very heavily cut and
they look like electrical shock waves
going out from it many people have
thought that that was like where rivers
of whatever no no not at all they're
huge enormous canyons which press for
hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of
miles on Mars
far far deeper all far bigger and they
said well those were those were great
canyons of water at one time no we now
know what they are has been replicated
on the scientific experiment and they
now know that those cuts on Mars were
electrical discharges from Mars to
another planet just like our hero these
power poles if you get two of those
powerful lines too close together they
have to be a certain amount of heart if
you give them to test together
the static
the city coming through on the outside
will arc well jump when it does you've
got problems if you get too powerful
line I mean really very powerful grind
to get them to close well Jack and more
when they do now you got an explosion we
now know that the earth as it rotates as
the Earth rotates it generates
electricity because of this rotating
inside of its own atmosphere which is
causing friction which gives us our
electrical storms tornadoes is because
the earth is rotating like a generator
generating electricity and now
electricity is grounded it goes back
into the ground which goes down and
heats that the lava keeping it hot and
bubbling and so consequently if another
planet comes close to us the electrical
frequency our electrical biological and
electrical frequency on this earth would
jump and hit the other planet and so
they're now able to state that that's
what happened to Mars Mars must have
moved too close to another planet
thousands of years ago and it jump this
part jumped up at Mars and shut across
it hit another planet and that's why and
at home and the Moses then are many many
asteroids and many many meteors or
whatever is because there was an
electrical discharge that you wouldn't
believe coming off of the surface of
Mars that jumped out and hit another
planet because it came too close